# TMDb-Movie-Dataset
This data set contains information of about 10,000 movies collected from The Movie Database (TMDb), including user ratings and revenue. This dataset contans the following attributes:</br>

id - A unique identifier for each movie. </br>
imdb_id - Unique identifier for each movie in IMDB. </br>
popularity - Numeric value representing the movie's popularity. </br>
budget - How much was budgeted to make the movie. </br>
revenue - Proceeds from the movie. </br>
original_title - Title before adaptions. </br>
cast - Names of the lead actors and supporting actors. </br>
homepage - Link to the movie's official homepage. </br>
director - The director(s) of the movie. </br>
tagline - Movie Tagline. </br>
keywords - Words related to or associated with the movie. </br>
overview - Brief summary of the movie. </br>
runtime - Duration of the movie in minutes. </br>
genres - The genre of the movie. </br>
production_companies - The movie production house. </br>
release_date - Date of movie release. </br>
vote_count - Number of ratings the movie received. </br>
vote_average - Average user ratings. </br>
release_year - Year the movie was released. </br>
budget_adj - Budget of associated movie in terms of 2010 dollars, accounting for inflation over time. </br>
revenue_adj - Revenue of associated movie in terms of 2010 dollars, accounting for inflation over time. </br>

#### During this exploratory analysis, some questions that would be answered include:

* What is the average profit generated by movies produced in each year?
* What movies generated the least profits?
* What is the most popular movie?
* What is the least popular movie?
* What is the relationships between popularity, revenue and user ratings?
* What is the relationship between revenue and profit?
